So we already created some part of our application.
So I created this generation of key using a servo with secret key initializing the vector for any value
with randomizing thing and ciphertext.
So we
block of cipher text, which is basically salt or salt.
So now I required IV parameter also.
We pay them to speak.
So this is very.
I need better.
Stick with me mentioned like this is equal to new.
How have you been able to speak with what initially?
Michelle.
So this is the parameters.
Specs.
That speaks of Cipher.
Look.
A lot of aspects.
Parameter aspects of Safe Rock.
So now I need to initialize my cipher.
So would.
It.
Safer.
Look, I need to initialize my private block with need.
With what?
Cipher.
Safer.
Dot.
I need to mention the mode also encrypt mode.
Between trip mode.
I need to mention not only the war but with the security.
Also, I need to specify the security.
Also that security already created in the parameter.
With respect, I need parameters.
What is going to return me?
It should return me the ciphertext to the return cipher not do.
Finally.
There is one method in cipher.
plainText, not gigabytes.
So if you are not mentioning this, it's okay.
No need to mention the standard character sets and everything.
So now we are done with Cipher.
So what we created, we created method to create secret key with a random thing.
Again using the initial vector as a random thing because we are putting message, but it's going to
use secure random method to initialize that trend.
Choosing that vector part randomizing things then for do a is encryption and creating plaintext to ciphertext
with the key.
I'm going to mention this.
Now what I going to mention perform the reverse operation cipher two plaintext.
So method two.
I foot.
Plain text.
Cipher text.
So I already mentioned here is about.
So politics and everything.
So public static.
Now it should be strange.
Not always, but I don't want to do it.
Bye bye.
So do a decryption.
As encryption abilities decryption to perform.
With some default parameters I'm going to mention here.
First is bite size politics.
So put it.
Impossible to predict ciphertext.
Secondly, secret key.
So because security is always you meaning same security.
She?
So it's not going to.
Take.
She got it right here this morning.
Security.
And I need to initialize that with the roads because it's not.
As a general.
Yes, we should return.
That's done with truth.
Exceptional as it should to exception.
One exception with.
So now we are done.
So let me do one thing.
So using your ciphertext as one initial vector to store and return as.
So let us see how we are going to do.
Again, ask for cipher.
Small ciphers.
Cipher is called cipher.
Not yet instance of which a.
See a psychologist.
Then I need to mention the parameter.
This parameter switched again simply because this is not changing text.
Now I need to initialize in the decrypt mode.
So the.
Keep.
No.
I need to initialize so I don't need to initialize it.
With cipher dot decrypt mode decrypt mode is going to decrypt me with twitch security.
The security is going to use it, which I've parameter space.
So he's going to choose this and what he's going to do is it's going to me.
Mention as Bite
Weasel is going to give me the bite lizard.
Cipher not cipher list.
Only cipher.
Do.
Finally, it's going to bring fighting here with separatist.
Separatist.
It's going to give them finality and it's going to return me.
And create new.
During.
Result has changed.
So it will print me in the string as my result.
So now what I need to mention, I need to create driver code here.
So let me create.
But I will.
The stream.
Public static always.
Again, it should close the exception.
Exception with which security notes.
Secret.
Random keys.
Secret key.
Security with security.
Let me mention security.
Key security.
You can create security with symmetric key also.
No problem.
Wait a minute.
You mentioned mention security asymmetrically.
Because it's symmetric always.
Semitic.
We'd create a scheme.
So it will create me.
I will mention this escape.
Okay.
Short form is good for this skill.
Then.
16 dot.
Oh, but in.
The Simi three.
It's going to the summer.
The key for me again, it's simple.
Or is going to do here.
I need to mention this only inside.
So let me copy this again and please name.
So that's what I'm going to print.
Okay.
So it will print the symmetric key.
Before that, let me mention 116
.8.3.
Don't start.
Keep.
More.
If we do this and more, then what is going to perform.
I am printing this, but I need to initialize one vector also because I.
I'm not storing it.
Right.
So.
Michelle.
Richter.
I'm going to mention it.
Now I need this method, which is basically create initial vector, so
create initial vector.
So it will give me the vector also.
So.
So what you can do and you can use scanner method to perform this.
And you can use different methods to perform this also.
So let me use these methods.
So I will copy some code part directly due to time concern because this is very simple code.
I will explain you how it's going to work.
The city.
Useful.
So going.
Escape.
We shared with them.
And then again.
It's.
Share your.
And look.
So this is for publicity, publicity, employment.
So.
What it's doing.
It's doing the encryption with plaintext as my security key, and it's going to initiate this.
Ciphertext, encrypted messages.
You can look like this.
Okay.
With encryption.
Who's going to decrypt this message?
Okay.
So now we are done with this.
And let me think.
Your system brought out a lot.
Think.
Now this is decrypted.
So let me mention this also.
Decrypt more.
So now let us run this and let us check whether we are correct with our things or not.
So apparently you can check.
It's building and we.
So we.
I want to mention this.
It's not.
Required.
So let me check it again.
What is this text, which is basically.
So me do it again.
So sometimes if there is one error, it might go to the error.
But now you can check here.
Symmetric key is this for our message.
And ciphertext is using this encrypted this message and you got the original message.
So this is it.
It's doing.
But let me go to further more advanced thing, which is I'm going to create you already created.
This message scan the message I haven't used so message.
Next line.
I'm.
System not bought into them.
And the message I am asking for message.
And let me mention one thing here.
Instead of creating, as you describe it, let me do one thing.
Still no message is equal to new standard because it's not going to take input standard.
Another party system don't help Clinton selection for.
Giving better look soonish.
Okay, now let us run this again.
So this time we already your original messages.
This is a message you want to include.
So now what I'm going to do?
I'm going to print name from user.
And this is my symmetric key.
So it will ask me for a reason.
Or you can check or encrypt more symmetric keys already generated enter message.
Hello world I'm going to bring you can check your messages anyway.
So this is my encrypted message and in the equipment decryption mode it's going to decrypt this message.
It's not like I am mentioning here.
You can check in another decrypt mode.
You can use this and you can run another client for decryption also.
So that's how we can use symmetric in encryption.
So let me check.
This is Java program.
I am order.
You can do it.
So within a second.
So let's set about how we can create symmetric encryption and everything using Java.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.